Restructure ResourceAnalysis around lifted loops and a flatten result object (#2782)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * The `ResourceAnalysis` pass now reports each loop body and each subroutine as its own entry
>   instead of folding their gate counts into the caller. Static loops appear as `for_loop_<N>`
>   with their trip count, input-driven dynamic loops appear as `dyn_for_loop_<N>` with a stable
>   identifier, and totals across the call graph are computed on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `ResourceAnalysis` pass now reports each loop body and each subroutine as its own entry
  instead of folding their gate counts into the caller. Loops with constant bounds appear as `for_loop_<N>`
  with their trip count. Loops with dynamic bounds appear as `dyn_for_loop_<N>` with a stable
  identifier, and totals across the call graph are computed on demand.
```
